README.md, before:


# Physics-Simulation

This is a 2D physics simulation currently consisting of two main parts: a sand dropper and 2D ball collisions. The sand dropper tries to emulate falling sand particles that interact and pile up realistically. The ball collision system simulates circles bouncing off each other and the walls, including basic collision response and movement.


## Features

- currently Windows Build only

**Ball Collisions**
- 2d
- Simulate and Edit Mode
- Change position
- Change velocity
- Change size
- Add/Remove balls
- Add/Remove obstacles

**Sand Dropper**
- 2d
- Spawn sand at cursor
- Change spawn size
- Change gravity
- Reset playground

**Selector**
- Can select desired Simulation from here
- buggy -> if this doesnt work just use the corresponding exe


## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/simonrosebrock/Physics-Simulation
```

Navigate to the Release Build

Execute your desired exe!
## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

added DEMO video to readme

README.md, after:


# Physics-Simulation

This is a 2D physics simulation currently consisting of two main parts: a sand dropper and 2D ball collisions. The sand dropper tries to emulate falling sand particles that interact and pile up realistically. The ball collision system simulates circles bouncing off each other and the walls, including basic collision response and movement.


## Features

- currently Windows Build only

**Ball Collisions**
- 2d
- Simulate and Edit Mode
- Change position
- Change velocity
- Change size
- Add/Remove balls
- Add/Remove obstacles

**Sand Dropper**
- 2d
- Spawn sand at cursor
- Change spawn size
- Change gravity
- Reset playground

**Selector**
- Can select desired simulation from here


## Demo

You can watch the programm demo here:

[![Physics Simulation DEMO](https://img.youtube.com/vi/LONnhYj6EYM/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LONnhYj6EYM)
## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/simonrosebrock/Physics-Simulation
```

Navigate to the Release Build

Execute your desired exe!
## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
